Aren't you crazy?
Dare to cause trouble at the Su family's house?
Do you think my problems aren't enough for you?
I gave up everything for you
and you blame me?
Brother
Sujinyue stole your money
You should demand it back from him
What are you afraid of?
Son
You don't still have feelings for
that Su Jinyue, do you?
Unreasonable
The invitation from the Su family
They want us to attend the banquet
What does the Su family mean?
Do they know about Su Jinyue's shameful deeds
and want him to pay it back?
The Su family has a project to give to our Zhao family
We saved them
Su Jinyue
What are you doing here?
Today is the Su family's banquet
This is not a place for just anyone to come
You don't need to trouble Miss Lin
What
Did you spend all the compensation from your family in two months?
You
Don't think that you can be part of the Su family
just because you seduced them
You dare talk to me like this?
Do you want to see me embarrassed?
You're dreaming
An affair is worth less than a chicken
I want to see how long you can keep acting tough
Besides, you're not even a phoenix
Alright
I don't want to argue with you today
After all, it's the Su family's banquet
If you want to stay
then leave quickly
Don't make me call security to throw you out
Lin Xue
Do you really think this is your Lin family?